hey how about opening yourself up and
looking inside for a little bit let's
visit the operating room okay let's put
down that scalpel watching this video is
more than enough your eyes can change
their color for different reasons for
example mood age dieting and detoxing
eyelashes have a lifespan of about three
months you produce two to six cups of
saliva every day your body has about the
same percentage of salt in it as the
ocean does when you sneeze the air blows
out of your nose at 100 miles per hour
humans are the only species that cry
when upset lungs are the only organ in
the human body that can float on water
it takes two to five days for food to
get fully digested your eyes are the
only part of your brain that can be seen
directly human thigh bones are four
times stronger than concrete as they
support almost the whole body no buts
about it the largest muscle in your body
is the gluteus maximus and you're
sitting on it
some people are born with hearts outside
of their bodies when in space astronauts
can get up to two inches taller the
human brain can live for up to six
minutes without oxygen after the heart
stops extreme dieting can cause human
brain cells to eat themselves if you
laid your brain flat smoothing out all
of its wrinkles it would be the size of
a pillowcase you wouldn't notice of
course because well you'd be gone every
day you breathe 25,000 times without any
effort probably a good idea to keep
doing so you blink at a rate of 15 times
a minute or 15,000 times every day when
you aren't sleeping every day 25% of
your stomach lining is regenerated to
avoid injury by super potent stomach
acid 50 gallons of blood go through your
kidneys and get cleaned daily 250,000
sweat glands on your feet produce about
a cup of sweat a day every day about 10
percent of the human skeleton is
replaced because bones are in constant
cell free construction around 20,000
thoughts raced through your head every
day if you took all the saliva you
produced in a lifetime you'd fill two
swimming pools hey anybody for a swim
not only your fingerprint is unique but
your tongue print as well every hour an
average human loses about 600,000 skin
particles so being flaky is not only
emotional babies only blink once or
twice a minute if you're I were a camera
it'd be a whopping 576 megapixels
the highest fever a human ever had was
115 degrees Fahrenheit a human stomach
can't really digest grass as easily as a
cow's stomach you need several stomachs
for that the fastest growing hair on
your body is facial hair the
fastest-growing nail is on your middle
finger the fastest growing nose on your
face is on your face on average a human
hair lives from 3 to 7 years the female
egg is the largest cell in the human
body that can even be seen with a naked
eye your nose determines what your voice
will sound like along with your mouth
and throat yeah throw in some teeth too
your tongue can get thicker and that's
not healthy even the slightest noise can
make your pupils dialate what looks like
a slight sunburn from the outside
actually burns blood vessels extensively
on the inside when you were just born
you could only see black and white just
like all other babies one of your eyes
is stronger than the other one human
hair is strong enough to hold up to
three and a half ounces every day 300
billion new cells are born those with
light hair have more of it than dark
haired people if you take all the iron
in your body you could produce a
three-inch nail the most common blood
type is Type O
when you're scared your body produces
more earwax you could boil half a gallon
of water with the body heat you produce
in a half an hour lips look red because
of the many capillaries under the skin
200 muscles have to be activated for a
human to take one step human teeth are
the only part of the body that can't
repair itself stress is the cause or
aggravator
of nine out of ten diseases there are 14
various snow shapes one-third of all
humans in the world have 20/20 vision a
human embryo starts developing eyes at
the age of two weeks right when you were
conceived you were one single cell for
around a half an hour one in 2,000
babies is born with one tooth or more
people won't notice your hair is falling
out until you lose more than half of it
the human aorta has almost the same
maximum diameter as a garden hose ooh
hey or - check that out your brain
information storage capacity is that of
Encyclopedia Britannica
multiplied by five a pinhead could hold
around 10,000 human cells not only your
tongue has tastebuds the way you
remember things depends on your body
position there's a condition called
exploding head syndrome when you hear
loud noises that aren't real boom as
you're going through puberty your brain
is physically changing its shape some
scientists think that the pinky toe will
eventually be lost to evolution because
it's basically useless
there's not a single muscle in your
fingers you have enough blood to feed
1,200,000 mosquitoes you actually see
the world upside down with your eyes and
it's all corrected by the brain when you
wake up your sense of smell is the last
one that activates 50% of your hand
strength is in the little finger an
average human consumes over 12,000
gallons of water by the time they turn
70 it only takes the body 15 thousandths
of a second to detect taste and that's
faster than blinking you can't see
tastebuds with a naked eye and the
little bumps on the tongue are in fat
Populi the human brain has more nerve
cells and connections than the Milky Way
has stars there's a term for picking
one's nose too often and it's Rhyno to
Lexel mania figures on the hand you
right width grow faster than on the
other hand if you decided to count all
the nerve cells in your brain it would
take you 3,000 years the skin of an
adult weighs between 8 and 11 pounds and
its surface area is about the size of
the floor in a one-person 10 a person
walks about 100,000 miles in their
lifetime and that equals to walking
around the equator four times an adult
weighing 150 pounds has a skeleton that
weighs around 21 pounds you spent around
five years of your lifetime eating
your heartbeats over three billion times
in your lifetime an average adult spends
1/3 of their life sleeping a human body
processes around 100,000 pounds of food
in their lifespan there's a name for the
space between the eyebrows and its
glabella you have the thickest skin on
your feet and the thinnest is on your
eyelids some people can actually hear
their eyeballs move around in their head
if you uncoil the human DNA it would
stretch for 10 billion miles which is
40,000 times more than the distance
between the Earth and the moon your skin
completely renews it cells every 28 to
30 days the liver can regenerate even if
it's been reduced to a quarter of its
original size taste buds live no longer
than 10 to 14 days your brain uses more
than 20% of your body's energy even when
you're resting if a person has and knows
me up they can't distinguish into text
smells by the end of their life the
average person can recall up to 150
trillion pieces of information no matter
what happens to your fingerprints they
still grow back with their original
pattern people are the only living
creatures that can naturally sleep on
their backs there are over 20 individual
bones in your skull right-handed people
tend to chew most of their food on the
right side of their mouths while the
left hand up for the other side the
muscles that help your eyes focus make
around 100,000 movements a day there are
no two identical brains in the world one
DNA molecule is about 6 feet long
your brain thinks the roller-coaster is
trying to poison you bones and baby
fists are not fully formed until they
turn 10 it's not the sweat that gives
off bad smell but the bacteria thriving
in it when you scream or sneeze your
brain tries to protect you from the loud
noise and turns down the volume as soon
as we're full we relax because our body
releases a lot of hormone of happiness
serotonin sneezing makes you happy
really there are neurons in the human
brain that can catch any misguided
signals or errors your brain makes
neurons in the skin of our fingertips
are capable of processing information
just like the brain you can sense smells
with your tongue your nose warms up and
filters out the air you always live a
tiny bit in the past because it takes
about 13 milliseconds for the brain to
process information it gets from your
eyes humans are the best long-distance
runners in the world there's as much
hair on the human body as on a chimps
only it's much lighter you COFF almost
at the speed of sound the moment you
dive into the water your body
automatically slows down the heart rate
constricts blood vessels and releases
red blood cells stored in the spleen you
use 100% of your brain just not all at
once
tooth enamel is never naturally white
your muscles can twitch because of a
serious stress or fatigue if your arm or
leg falls asleep and then gets all
tingly it means you have constricted the
blood flow in it somehow well hope we
got a little under your skin with these
the human body is a miraculous thing
worth billions of dollars if you could
just manufacture what and you bright
cider on one free and clear take care of
yours it has to last a lifetime